Add Working directory and Trigger pattern settings to "Create a stack" and "Configure a stack" pages (#2206)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/terraform-docs-common/docs/cloud-docs/stacks/create.mdx

1. Enter a new **Stack Name**.
    * The name must be unique within the project and can include letters, numbers, dashes (`-`), and underscores (`_`). We recommend using 90 characters or less for the name of your Stack.
1. You can optionally add a description for your Stack.

> 1. Use **Advanced options** to control the behavior of your Stack:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Optionally, click **Advanced options** to control the following behavior of your Stack:
```

>     * Stack working directory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * If the repository contains multiple Stack configurations, specify the relative path from your root directory that contains your Stack configuration in the **Stack working directory** field. By default, HCP Terraform uses the repository's root directory.
```

Updating this to match similar language we use in other parts of the docs.

    * Version control settings:
      * Stacks automatically trigger new runs when you push a configuration change to a linked repository. To stop HCP Terraform from automatically fetching configuration changes, toggle **VCS Trigger Enabled**.
      * You can also configure Stacks to work from either a branch or tag-based workflow.
      * With a branch-based workflow, you can configure **Trigger patterns** to control which file changes trigger new runs.

>       * You can enable or disable **Automatic speculative plans** to have your Stack create plan-only runs for pull requests to your linked VCS repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * By default, HCP Terraform automatically triggers new Stack runs when you push a configuration change to the linked repository. You can enable **VCS Trigger enabled** to control how HCP Terraform applies new versions of your stack.
      * Choose either **Branch-based** or **Tag-based** publishing. With the branch-based workflow, you can configure **Trigger patterns** to control which file changes trigger new runs and choose to enable **Automatic speculative plans** to run a plan when you open pull requests against the linked repository. With the tag-based workflow, you can configure a **Custom regular expression** to control which tags trigger new runs.
```

In the future, I think I'd like to update this to mimic how we talk about the different publishing modes in the [Publish private modules in the private registry](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/cloud-docs/registry/publish-modules#publish-a-new-module) documentation where we break out the different considerations between branch and tag-based publishing into separate subsections to keep this list from becoming too complex, but just doing a light style edit for now.

Reviewer: Also would it be more accurate to say that HCP Terraform automatically triggers new Stack runs when you push a configuration change **to the default branch** of the linked repository? I believe that's the default behavior but wanted to double check.
